To convert any time series into my desired JSON format,
I created a dictionary with start and target keys.
The index of the time series holds the start time and
the target is just the actual time series data which I'm getting as a list here.
Running the next couple of cells,
I may train and test JSON files stored in a local directory.
I stored both files in a directory that I specified json energy data.
Then to upload my data,
I first got my sagemaker resources including an S3 bucket.
Then I specified unique prefixes from a training and test data.
First creating a general prefix and then adding slash train and slash test to that.
Then I called upload data for my train JSON file and test JSON file and got the path.
Great. So now I'm in good shape and I just need to instantiate an estimator to train it.
Some built-in estimators have specific sagemaker constructors but not all.
Instead, you can create a base estimator and pass in
a specific image or container that essentially hold a specific model,
like a mini library.
So in this cell, in getting the image for the DeepAR forecasting algorithm.
Next, you can create a generic estimator and pass
in the specific image name to make it a DeepAR estimator.
You've gotten a lot of practice creating estimators and I've also
linked to some source code if you want to check out the specific constructor parameters.
So try to create this estimator,
then next I'll discuss estimator, hyperparameters, and training.